I will continue with the app we built in the last course module,
this very simple recipe app built with the help of Angular.
Now as always, the official docs are your friend,
if you get stuck, if something is unclear, you find step-by-step instructions here under guide and then
under running on iOS or running on Android. There you'll learn all the steps you need to execute to
turn your web app into,
in this case here, an Android app and here for iOS. Now important,
you need to have certain tools installed to succeed here and also important,
if you building locally on your machine, then you actually need to be on a MacOS system to build for
iOS. You can't build iOS apps on Windows unless you're using Ionic's paid service, AppFlow,
that is something you can do and you can learn more about that on ionicframework.com,
there you can build your app in the cloud instead of on your machine and then on the cloud,
it can be built on a MacOS environment but this is a paid service,
I'll not be covering it here.
So if you build it locally as we do then, you could only build for iOS, on MacOS systems. Android
apps can be built on both MacOS and Windows systems as well as Linux.
So what are the requirements then?